hello and welcome to a hack for the app
injustice this is a ifunbox half the
hack that requires no jailbreak at all
and so as you can see down here I have
no coins or a/c and I just download the
app so what you'll need to do if you
voted just downloaded it like me you
need to go up to play and after that's
loaded you need to complete the tutorial
and after that that I'll I'll skip the
tutorial for you and um come back okay I
have just finished the tutorial and as
you can see down got seven hundred and
thirty dollars but that's not enough the
Hat so after I complete the tutorial
what you'll need to do is enter it from
the Hat for the alphabet double tap it
delete it from your history okay now
what you need to do is plug the iPad
into the computer okay so now what
should it do you need to download this
app here are called ifunbox and to do
that you need to go onto Safari from one
oh where is it here it is 30 up so here
is the iPod box if you've got a window
you flip up here we've got a back heel
obviously download this one and so the
link to this site could be found in the
description and so if they could go
ahead and download that and I've dragged
back to my desktop and so after you've
done that you just opened it up here
which is this one here and so then after
you plug it in it should come up with
this thing down the side and you need to
click on user applications so now what
you need to do is scroll around to your
ID justice wherever it is I see it
sugar and now you need to go back on to
your Safari and or whatever web browser
you're using it Oh God this hack site
and here there will be a hack download
simple but I'm going to download by just
the same time and the link to this
website page can also be found in the
description and so back to our box after
you've done this you just drag it down
to your desktop as I have here and I'll
just read out to my and so as to date it
back you just I just need to go and get
it home and then we'll go over here and
II - it's a point if it is it already
made this you need to save it documents
and so after you've done that we'll just
come up here's documents and what you
need to do now is drag this into here
and you need to click refresh quite a
few times so straight outta study it
will make sure refreshes because if you
don't click refresh the hacker it won't
close do it a few times just to be safe
and so after I finished that then I just
don't need to make sure that this works
by itself I got iTunes and I just and
they out so I can unplug okay so now you
need to unplug this from here okay now
you can open up the arm acts injustice
but and as you can see down here it
gives you pretty much unlimited coin so
you can't spend a ball of the game so
thank you for watching please subscribe
and like this video and if you like this
video perhaps you'll like some of our
others visit little bit skylabs
HP sauce see you next time